Project Name: Predictive Data Analysis
Introduction
This project aims to perform exploratory data analysis (EDA) and apply machine learning (ML) and deep learning (DL) algorithms on a dataset. The dataset used in this project is 'data.csv' which contains information about various attributes of some objects.

Requirements
To run this project, you need to have the following software and libraries installed in your system:

Python (version 3.6 or higher)
Jupyter Notebook (to run the project)
Pandas (to work with data)
Matplotlib (to visualize data)
Scikit-learn (to apply machine learning algorithms)
TensorFlow (to apply deep learning algorithms)
Files
The project contains the following files:

data.csv: The original dataset
data_clean.csv: The cleaned dataset after performing EDA using PCA algorithm
Eda_Analysis.ipynb: Jupyter Notebook containing the code for performing EDA
ML_Method.ipynb: Jupyter Notebook containing the code for applying machine learning algorithms
DL_Method.ipynb: Jupyter Notebook containing the code for applying deep learning algorithms
Instructions
To perform EDA, run the 'Eda_Analysis.ipynb' file. This notebook contains the code for loading the dataset, cleaning the data using PCA algorithm, visualizing the data, and performing various statistical analyses.

To apply machine learning algorithms, run the 'ML_Method.ipynb' file. This notebook contains the code for loading the cleaned dataset, splitting the data into training and testing sets, applying various machine learning algorithms, and evaluating the performance of the models.

To apply deep learning algorithms, run the 'DL_Method.ipynb' file. This notebook contains the code for loading the cleaned dataset, splitting the data into training and testing sets, applying various deep learning algorithms, and evaluating the performance of the models.

Conclusion
This project demonstrates how to perform EDA and apply machine learning and deep learning algorithms on a dataset. By following the instructions mentioned above, you can run the notebooks and reproduce the results.